---
layout: post
title:  "The dreams of Cadu"
date:   2024-02-07 19:30:25
categories: drama
image: /assets/images/dreams.jpg
download_link: https://vsmarcon.github.io/ShortButGreatStories/drama/2024/02/07/os_sonhos_de_cadu.html
textual_genre: Short storie
sinopsis: Cadu is a different child. After gaining the ability to make wishes come true through dreams, he realizes that nothing can restrict him. But it will be through this power that his perverted mind will betray him. 
total_pages: 2
full_text: true
---
Cadu is a typical young man, but not that typical. He has a gift, an advantage, which many believe God is responsible for - but by the end of this story, I'd like to prove that this ability was actually granted by the Devil, in one of his attempts to tempt man and pervert the soul.	As a young child, around the age of 8, still in his naivety and innocence, Cadu had a very striking dream. A beautiful angel descended and contacted him directly. This being offered him the chance to fulfill unlimited and unrestricted wishes through his dreams. The boy didn't hesitate to accept the offer - he was already thinking about all the video games and toys he could have through his wishes. Seeing the child's excitement, the angel warned: "Once dreamed, boy, it shall come true".		
  
He didn't hesitate, despite the angel's warning, and shook the being's hand, who smiled with great satisfaction at the positive response. But contrary to what many might think, the dream was real, and didn't offer any evil requirements, such as a blood pact, or the sale of a soul and the like. At his age, it wasn't that difficult to induce a dream about something specific. The first thing Cadu dreamed about was a soccer set with a ball, cones and two collapsible goals that he had seen in the toy shop; and the morning after the dream, he woke up to a large box in front of his bed. He excitedly opened it and there was the soccer set. The boy immediately went outside to play with the new toy, which aroused fascination and a certain envy in the neighboring children, since it wasn't Christmas time to get presents like that.             

Time went by and Cadu continued to desire new things and dream them up, as his will and pleasure dictated, unrestrained. The latest sneakers, a best-selling book, a character-print notebook for back-to-school, an unimaginable toy, a technological video game. His desires were at his feet, in his own time, in his own way; and as time went by, a certain haughtiness dominated his air in front of other classmates at school. He acquired a certain social superiority, largely due to the prestige given to him by his own classmates when they saw the status that Cadu had unwittingly acquired by splurging on all the items and opportunities, the products of his dreams.					

He started to grow up, his childhood was leaving him and notoriety was surrounding him. Cadu was considered one of the popular kids, and among the popular kids, one of the cutest. Coupled with the boy's pleasant, youthful face and a beautiful, hormone-filled, developing body, Cadu began to crave something else. But he still didn't quite understand what it was - that new craving, a visceral plea of human instinct, was hard to conceive in concrete terms so that he could dream it up. After all, how can you use a word without first knowing its meaning?						

Until one day when one of Cadu's group mates arrived with a package under his sweatshirt, which appeared to be a rolled-up magazine. When the boys opened it, they were all shocked by its contents. One of the boys said, "Come on, kids, come to the corner so the inspector doesn't catch us". And already in the corner of the courtyard, during the remaining minutes until the end of the break (not anymore called playtime, as they were already teenagers and playtime was a child's thing) they leafed through the pages of an issue of Playboy magazine featuring a stunning young woman at the height of her 25s. Her curvy body and large, perky breasts caused a rush in the boys' minds, which was translated into dry throats, involuntary touches to their own bodies, and an extra bulge in their underpants. The shock increased when the photos were more daring, showing off the girl's ass and vagina, and they stared dumbfounded, mesmerized by it. And when the bell rang, everyone headed for their classrooms, including Mariana, one of Cadu's classmates. Definitely a beautiful young woman, and one that Cadu had a tremendous crush on. It was when he looked into Mari's expressive and passionate eyes that he had yet another dream come true. This was the beginning of the boy's loss of inocence.				

When he was 13, Cadu had his moment with Mariana. He even had her wearing the same color panties as in his erotic dream. The girl's first time was painful, and for the boy, strange, but pleasurable. He wanted more of that, more of that supreme feeling of pleasure and power over someone. From this same search, he came to discover pornography, while browsing on one of his computers that he had obtained with his gift for obtaining desires. That feeling of shock, impact and arousal from when he first saw the magazine overwhelmed him again, even more intensely. Watching the videos while masturbating allowed him to feel the sensation of unlimited pleasure, and power over the masculinity that emerged from his developing core. He began to dream about the models in the movies, and so, through his gift, he had encounters and relationships with girls with identical physical characteristics. And the more this went on, the Cadu who used to crave soccer balls and new video games disappeared, giving way to a Cadu who only thought about making it with someone, naked bodies, and moans in his ears. Even at a young age, he started to live for that. He lived for power.							

But just as the angel had said that time, when granting the power, "once dreamed, boy, it will come true". It wasn't all flowers, though. During one of his forays into the world of pornography, he came across a new type of movie. Now the films told stories, in an attempt to involve the viewer in a sexual fantasy. Cadu, already tired of the same old videos (he had become addicted to scenes of extreme exhibition, to the point of being degrading), decided to go for it. Then he fell asleep, about to dream again. But that night, things seemed different, the dream seemed so real. Without a doubt, he was having yet another erotic dream. He could feel his hands on the woman's breasts, he could feel his member penetrating her, and he could hear the woman's moans of pleasure and feel her nails scratching his back. The heat was rising, and he decided to be bolder. The pats on the ass turned into slaps, then hair pulling, and beyond: slaps on the face and bites in sensitive areas. The boy's orgasm was approaching, and with the energy, he brought his hands to the woman's neck, gripping it with some force. It became harder for her to breathe. And after he felt the sperm pouring out of him, he eased his hands away, collapsing on the bed, satisfied. He had never experienced a dream as real as that. Maybe now wishes would come true through vivid dreams, he thought. And even if it wasn't really real in the end, the ephemeral, the moment, the pleasure was enough for him.					

The next morning, the sun was already shining through the shutter, which let a few strands of light slip into the still-dark room. He woke up to the alarm clock. He saw that there was someone next to him, asleep in bed, but still drowsy, he went to open the shutter to illuminate the area. But to his sordid surprise, he saw who it was: his own mother. He felt his stomach lurch. Then he looked around and saw clothes scattered on the floor, the same clothes as in the movie he had seen last night, which told the story of incest between mother and son.							

After the episode, horrified, he tried to dream about the angel undoing his power, but every time he was about to do it, the dream was invaded by the scene of his hands squeezing his mother's neck during sex. Since then, he has lived unhappy, regretful and tormented by the deed, doomed to his own desires, coming from a mind as dirty as a landfill can be; light years away from the innocent and simple Cadu he once was.
